[PUBLISH: 2/5] update limits value (#15728)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apis/insights-apis/query-insights-event-data-api.mdx

## 3. Process the returned JSON [#process-result]

> The query API returns results in JSON format. There is a limit of 5000 results per request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query API returns results in JSON format. There is a limit of 5,000 results per request.
```

> The query API returns results in JSON format. There is a limit of 5,000 results per request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query API returns results in JSON format. There is a limit of 5000 results per request.
```
